feat(aws_s3 sink): add Parquet encoder with schema_file and auto infer schema support (#25156)
vectordotdev/vector: changelog.d/aws_s3_parquet_encoding.feature.md

Add Apache Parquet batch encoding support for the `aws_s3` sink with flexible schema definitions.

Events can now be encoded as Parquet columnar files with multiple schema input options:

> - **Native Parquet schema** — inline string or `.schema` file

Reviewer: no inline string option yet
```suggestion
- **Native Parquet schema** — auto-infer schema or supply a `.schema` file
```
